And this is...
This is one of the top four generals in the Qianshang Temple
Lord Enchantress, who now holds the Department of Commerce
The Shangguan family is smoking from the ancestral grave
You can ask the enchantress of the Department of Commerce to write Li Qinglin
The face of this old man Shangguan is really too big
Oops oops
Please take a seat
I didn't know in advance that Lord Enchantress would come
I went to the official's house and never went out to welcome me
I also hope that the enchantress will suffer. Today, the old maharaja will be banqueted
Sorry for the intrusion.
Ye Feng
Lord Enchantress is here
You're still sitting there not getting up
Don't you want to die?
You boy, I will clean you up later.
I don't know if Lord Enchantress is coming
Our Shangguan family is terrified
Please take a seat
Not necessarily today
I'm not here for the face of your Shangguan family
Everyone please take a seat
It's not for the Shangguan family to be a swallow
Lord Enchantress didn't come for Shangguan's He Yan
What's the so-called matter?
Our Shangguan family has always operated in accordance with the law
Is there any disciplinary violation?